Update rpi_camera.markdown (#39815)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rpi_camera.markdown

rpi_camera:
```

> The whole set of configuration variables is documented [here](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/camera_software.html#rpicam-still).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole set of configuration variables is documented in the [Raspberry Pi documentation of the camera software](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/camera_software.html#rpicam-still).
```
